[OSDOCS 5590]: Creating an AWS KMS key for customer encryption (#67957)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key.adoc

              },
              "Action": [
                  "kms:Encrypt",
                  "kms:Decrypt",
                  "kms:DescribeKey"
              ],
              "Resource": "*"
          },
          {
              "Sid": "ROSA NodeManager Permissions",
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Principal": {
                  "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/<operator_role_prefix>-kube-system-capa-controller-manager"
              },
              "Action": [
                  "kms:DescribeKey",
                  "kms:GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext",
                  "kms:CreateGrant"
              ],
              "Resource": "*"
          }
      ]
  } 
----

. Confirm the details of the policy file created by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat rosa-key-policy.json
----

. Apply the newly generated key policy to the custom KMS key by running the following command:

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ aws kms put-key-policy --key-id $KMS_ARN \
--policy file://rosa-key-policy.json \
--policy-name default
----

. Create the cluster by running the following command:

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ rosa create cluster --cluster-name <cluster-name> \
> 	--subnet-ids <private-subnet-id>,<public-subnet-id> \
> 	--sts \
> 	--mode auto \
> 	--machine-cidr 10.0.0.0/16 \
> 	--compute-machine-type m5.xlarge \
> 	--hosted-cp \
> 	--region <aws-region> \
> 	--oidc-config-id $OIDC_ID \
> 	--kms-key-arn $KMS_ARN \
> 	--operator-roles-prefix $OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ rosa create cluster --cluster-name <cluster-name> \
	--subnet-ids <private-subnet-id>,<public-subnet-id> \
	--sts \
	--mode auto \
	--machine-cidr 10.0.0.0/16 \
	--compute-machine-type m5.xlarge \
	--hosted-cp \
	--region <aws-region> \
	--oidc-config-id $OIDC_ID \
	--kms-key-arn $KMS_ARN \ <1>
	--etcd-encryption-kms-arn $KMS_ARN <2>
	--operator-roles-prefix $OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX
----
<1> This KMS key ARN is used to encrypt all worker node root volumes. It is not required if only etcd database encryption is desired.
<2> This KMS key ARN is used to encrypt the etcd database. The etcd database is aways encrypted by default with an AES cipher block, but can be encrypted instead with a KMS key. It is not required if only node root volume encryption is desired.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects.adoc

> :_content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
```

[id="creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key"]
= Creating a ROSA cluster using a custom AWS KMS key

You can create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with a customer-provided KMS key that is used to encrypt either node root volumes, the etcd database, or both. A different KMS key ARN can be provided for each option.

[NOTE]
====

> {hcp-title} does not automatically configure the `default` StorageClass to encrypt persistent volumes with the customer-provided KMS key. This is something that can be configured in-cluster after installation.

Reviewer 2: Per our API formatting guidance: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-formatting

```suggestion
{hcp-title} does not automatically configure the `default` storage class to encrypt persistent volumes with the customer-provided KMS key. This is something that can be configured in-cluster after installation.
```

Author: resolved thanks

====

.Procedure

. Create a custom AWS customer-managed KMS key by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ KMS_ARN=$(aws kms create-key --region $AWS_REGION --description 'Custom ROSA Encryption Key' --tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true --query KeyMetadata.Arn --output text)
----
+
This command saves the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) output of this custom key for further steps.
+
[NOTE]
====

> Customers provide the `--tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true` that are required for a customer KMS key.

Reviewer 2: It seems like you're missing a noun after `--tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true`. Should it be "arguments"?

Reviewer: Probably should be

```suggestion
Customers must provide the `--tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true` argument that are required for a customer KMS key.
```

Author: Applied:
Customers must provide the `--tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true` argument that is required for a customer KMS key.

====

. Verify the KMS key has been created by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ echo $KMS_ARN
----

. Set your AWS account ID to an environment variable.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}

Author: @yingzhanredhat or @wgordon17 
can you advise on Andreas comments please and what are the correct steps?

> $ AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}

Reviewer: +1 to @bergerhoffer suggestion

> $ AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}

Author: @yingzhanredhat or @wgordon17 Ying advised me on chat that the current steps looks good to her, can someone advise if the steps are good as are or ? "step removed, or should the below instances of <aws_account_id> be changed?"

> $ AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}

Author: replaced ${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID} with <aws_account_id> on line 45. 
Everywhere <aws_account_id> appeared after this I replaced with ${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}, thanks @wgordon17

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat rosa-key-policy.json
----

. Apply the newly generated key policy to the custom KMS key by running the following command:

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ aws kms put-key-policy --key-id $KMS_ARN \
--policy file://rosa-key-policy.json \
--policy-name default
----

. Create the cluster by running the following command:

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create cluster --cluster-name <cluster-name> \
--subnet-ids <private-subnet-id>,<public-subnet-id> \
--sts \
--mode auto \
--machine-cidr 10.0.0.0/16 \
--compute-machine-type m5.xlarge \
--hosted-cp \
--region <aws-region> \
--oidc-config-id $OIDC_ID \
--kms-key-arn $KMS_ARN \ <1>
--etcd-encryption-kms-arn $KMS_ARN \ <2>
--operator-roles-prefix $OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX
----
<1> This KMS key ARN is used to encrypt all worker node root volumes. It is not required if only etcd database encryption is needed.
<2> This KMS key ARN is used to encrypt the etcd database. The etcd database is always encrypted by default with an AES cipher block, but can be encrypted instead with a KMS key. It is not required if only node root volume encryption is needed.

> . To verify if the KMS key works, follow these steps: 

Reviewer 2: Not critical, but this could be moved to a `.Verification` section

Author: complete

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key"]

> = Creating a ROSA cluster using custom AWS KMS key

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
= Creating a ROSA cluster using a/the custom AWS KMS key
```

> You can create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with a customer-provided KMS key that will be used to encrypt both the root volumes of nodes as well as persistent volumes for mounted EBS claims.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with a customer-provided KMS key that is used to encrypt node root volumes and persistent volumes for mounted EBS claims.
```

Reviewer 3: Do we need to spell out KMS?

Author: Already spelt out in the assembly and module content unlikely to be reused.

.Procedure

> . Create a custom AWS customer-managed KMS key:

Reviewer 3: Per [doc guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command):
```suggestion
. Create a custom AWS customer-managed KMS key by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ KMS_ARN=$(aws kms create-key --region $AWS_REGION --description 'Custom ROSA Encryption Key' --tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true --query KeyMetadata.Arn --output text)
----
+

> This command will save the ARN output of this custom key for further steps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This command saves the ARN output of this custom key for further steps.
```

Reviewer 3: Do we need to spell out ARN?

Author: Replaced with "Amazon Resource Name (ARN)"

> . Verify the KMS key has been created:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Verify the KMS key has been created by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ echo $KMS_ARN
----

> . Generate the necessary key policy to allow the ROSA STS roles to access the custom KMS key. Use the below command to populate a sample policy, or create your own.

Reviewer 3: Per ISG:
```suggestion
. Generate the necessary key policy to allow the ROSA STS roles to access the custom KMS key. Use the following command to populate a sample policy, or create your own.
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ EBS_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-openshift-cluster-csi-drivers-ebs-cloud-credential" | cut -c -64) 
KUBE_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-kube-system-kube-controller-manager" | cut -c -64)
KMS_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-kube-system-kms-provider" | cut -c -64)
CAPA_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-kube-system-capa-controller-manager" | cut -c -64) <1>

cat << EOF > rosa-key-policy.json

> {

Reviewer 3: Per doc guidelines: [Do not use more than one command per code block.](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#single-command-per-code-block)

Author: separated into 2 blocks, thanks

Reviewer: Similar to above feedback, were referencing a bunch of environment variables that haven't been set. That's not a _bad_ thing, to use environment variables IMO...we should just revisit the existing modules to include a step that sets these values to environment variables

  	"Resource": "*",
  	"Condition": {
    	"Bool": {
      	"kms:GrantIsForAWSResource": "true"
    	}
  	}
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "ROSA Installer Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Installer-Role"
  	},
  	"Action": [
    	"kms:CreateGrant",
    	"kms:DescribeKey",
    	"kms:GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext"
  	],
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "ROSA KubeControllerManager Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${KUBE_ROLE}"
  	},
  	"Action": "kms:DescribeKey",
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "ROSA KMS Provider Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${KMS_ROLE}"
  	},
  	"Action": ["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt", "kms:DescribeKey"],
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "ROSA NodeManager Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${CAPA_ROLE}"
  	},
  	"Action": [
    	"kms:DescribeKey",
    	"kms:GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext",
    	"kms:CreateGrant"
  	],
  	"Resource": "*"
	}
  ]
}
EOF
----

> <1> For HCP clusters, AWS advises the roles have a limit of 64 characters, and this command cuts it to 64 characters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> For HCP clusters, AWS advises the roles have a limit of 64 characters, and this command cuts it to 64 characters.
```

> . Confirm the details of the policy file created. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Confirm the details of the policy file created by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat rosa-key-policy.json
----

> . Apply the newly generated key policy to the custom KMS key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Apply the newly generated key policy to the custom KMS key by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ aws kms put-key-policy --key-id $KMS_ARN \
--policy file://rosa-key-policy.json \
--policy-name default
----

> . Create the cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Create the cluster by running the following command:.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key"]
= Creating a ROSA cluster using a custom AWS KMS key

You can create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with a customer-provided KMS key that is used to encrypt both node root volumes and persistent volumes for mounted EBS claims.

.Procedure

. Create a custom AWS customer-managed KMS key by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ KMS_ARN=$(aws kms create-key --region $AWS_REGION --description 'Custom ROSA Encryption Key' --tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true --query KeyMetadata.Arn --output text)

Reviewer: Can we add some kind of callout or `Note` admonition to mention that `--tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true` is an important and required piece of _any_ customer KMS key being provided by the customer?

----
+
This command saves the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) output of this custom key for further steps.

. Verify the KMS key has been created:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ echo $KMS_ARN
----

. Generate the necessary key policy to allow the ROSA STS roles to access the custom KMS key. Use the following command to populate a sample policy, or create your own.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ EBS_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-openshift-cluster-csi-drivers-ebs-cloud-credential" | cut -c -64) 
KUBE_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-kube-system-kube-controller-manager" | cut -c -64)
KMS_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-kube-system-kms-provider" | cut -c -64)

> CAPA_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-kube-system-capa-controller-manager" | cut -c -64) <1>

Reviewer: The `OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX` environment variable isn't set anywhere. My thoughts...

- Either make this something like the `<prefix>` that we reference in the "Creating Operator roles and policies" module
- Or, update the "Creating Operator roles and policies" module to include a step that saves `<prefix>` to the environment variable `OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX`

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key"]
= Creating a ROSA cluster using a custom AWS KMS key

> You can create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with a customer-provided KMS key that is used to encrypt both node root volumes and persistent volumes for mounted EBS claims.

Reviewer: @fmcdonal HCP has 2 `rosa` CLI flags related to customer KMS encryption

- `--enable-customer-managed-key` along with `--kms-key-arn` will encrypt a node's _root volume *only*_ (this is different from ROSA Classic where it _will_ encrypt both the root volume and default `StorageClass`)
- `--etcd-encryption-kms-arn`, this will encrypt the customer's ETCD database in the ROSA Service Account with the customer's specified KMS key

Does this help clarify?

> You can create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with a customer-provided KMS key that is used to encrypt both node root volumes and persistent volumes for mounted EBS claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with a customer-provided KMS key that is used to encrypt either node root volumes, the etcd database, or both. A different KMS key ARN can be provided for each option.

[NOTE]
====
{hcp-title} does not automatically configure the `default` StorageClass to encrypt persistent volumes with the customer-provided KMS key. This is something that can be configured in-cluster after installation.
====
```

.Procedure

. Create a custom AWS customer-managed KMS key by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ KMS_ARN=$(aws kms create-key --region $AWS_REGION --description 'Custom ROSA Encryption Key' --tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true --query KeyMetadata.Arn --output text)
----
+
This command saves the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) output of this custom key for further steps.
+
[NOTE]
====
Customers provide the `--tags TagKey=red-hat,TagValue=true` that are required for a customer KMS key.
====

. Verify the KMS key has been created by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ echo $KMS_ARN
----

. Set your AWS account ID to an environment variable.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=<aws-account>

Reviewer 4: It would be better to use an unified variable like <aws_account_id>

Reviewer: @yingzhanredhat Given the frequent re-use of the AWS account ID, it made sense to save it to an environment variable.

Author: replaced on line 24:
$ AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=<aws-account>
with
$ AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}

----

. Generate the necessary key policy to allow the ROSA STS roles to access the custom KMS key. Use the following command to populate a sample policy, or create your own.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ EBS_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-openshift-cluster-csi-drivers-ebs-cloud-credential" | cut -c -64) 
KUBE_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-kube-system-kube-controller-manager" | cut -c -64)
KMS_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-kube-system-kms-provider" | cut -c -64)

> CAPA_ROLE=$(echo "${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}-kube-system-capa-controller-manager" | cut -c -64) <1>

Reviewer 4: The value of operator roles arn is automatically adapted to the length of the OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX.It is not fixed.

I think we can only give an example in rosa-key-policy.json and reminder the operator  roles arn value is not fixed and can check it via "rosa list operator-roles --prefix ${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX}"

Author: replaced line 31:
----
cat << EOF > rosa-key-policy.json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Id": "key-rosa-policy-1",
  "Statement": [
	{
  	"Sid": "Enable IAM User Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:root"
  	},
  	"Action": "kms:*",
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "Allow ROSA use of the key",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": [
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Support-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Installer-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Worker-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-ControlPlane-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${EBS_ROLE}"

    	]
  	},
  	"Action": [
    	"kms:Encrypt",
    	"kms:Decrypt",
    	"kms:ReEncrypt*",
    	"kms:GenerateDataKey*",
    	"kms:DescribeKey"
  	],
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "Allow attachment of persistent resources",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": [
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Support-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Installer-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Worker-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-ControlPlane-Role",AWS_ACCOUNT_ID
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${EBS_ROLE}"
    	]
  	},
  	"Action": ["kms:CreateGrant", "kms:ListGrants", "kms:RevokeGrant"],
  	"Resource": "*",
  	"Condition": {
    	"Bool": {
      	"kms:GrantIsForAWSResource": "true"
    	}
  	}
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "ROSA Installer Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Installer-Role"
  	},
  	"Action": [
    	"kms:CreateGrant",
    	"kms:DescribeKey",
    	"kms:GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext"
  	],
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "ROSA KubeControllerManager Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${KUBE_ROLE}"
  	},
  	"Action": "kms:DescribeKey",
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "ROSA KMS Provider Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${KMS_ROLE}"
  	},
  	"Action": ["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt", "kms:DescribeKey"],
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "ROSA NodeManager Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${CAPA_ROLE}"
  	},
  	"Action": [
    	"kms:DescribeKey",
    	"kms:GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext",
    	"kms:CreateGrant"
  	],
  	"Resource": "*"
	}
  ]
}
EOF
----

with

Author: {
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Id": "key-rosa-policy-1",
  "Statement": [
  {
              "Sid": "Enable IAM User Permissions",
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Principal": {
                  "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:root"
              },
              "Action": "kms:*",
              "Resource": "*"
          },
        {
              "Sid": "Installer Permissions",
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Principal": {
                  "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::335462696174:role/ManagedOpenShift-HCP-ROSA-Installer-Role"
              },
              "Action": [
                  "kms:CreateGrant",
                  "kms:DescribeKey",
                  "kms:GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext"
              ],
              "Resource": "*"
          },
          {
              "Sid": "ROSA KubeControllerManager Permissions",
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Principal": {
                  "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/<operator_role_prefix>-kube-system-kube-controller-manager"

              },
              "Action": "kms:DescribeKey",
              "Resource": "*"
          },
          {
              "Sid": "ROSA KMS Provider Permissions",
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Principal": {
                  "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/<operator_role_prefix>-kube-system-kms-provider"
              },
              "Action": [
                  "kms:Encrypt",
                  "kms:Decrypt",
                  "kms:DescribeKey"
              ],
              "Resource": "*"
          },
          {
              "Sid": "ROSA NodeManager Permissions",
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Principal": {
                  "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/<operator_role_prefix>-kube-system-capa-controller-manager"
              },
              "Action": [
                  "kms:DescribeKey",
                  "kms:GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext",
                  "kms:CreateGrant"
              ],
              "Resource": "*"
          }
      ]
  }

----
+
[source,terminal]
----
cat << EOF > rosa-key-policy.json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Id": "key-rosa-policy-1",
  "Statement": [
	{
  	"Sid": "Enable IAM User Permissions",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:root"
  	},
  	"Action": "kms:*",
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "Allow ROSA use of the key",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": [
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Support-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Installer-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Worker-Role",

>       	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-ControlPlane-Role",

Reviewer 4: The account role arn for HCP should like this and there is no 'ControlPlane-Role'
```
"arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-HCP-ROSA-Installer-Role"
"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-HCP-ROSA-Support-Role",
"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-HCP-ROSA-Worker-Role",
```

Author: this has been addressed in previous update/comment

      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${EBS_ROLE}"

    	]
  	},
  	"Action": [
    	"kms:Encrypt",
    	"kms:Decrypt",
    	"kms:ReEncrypt*",
    	"kms:GenerateDataKey*",
    	"kms:DescribeKey"
  	],
  	"Resource": "*"
	},
	{
  	"Sid": "Allow attachment of persistent resources",
  	"Effect": "Allow",
  	"Principal": {
    	"AWS": [
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Support-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Installer-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-Worker-Role",
      	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-ControlPlane-Role",

>       	"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${EBS_ROLE}"

Reviewer 4: The account role arn for HCP should like this and there is no 'ControlPlane-Role'
```
"arn:aws:iam::<aws_account_id>:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-HCP-ROSA-Installer-Role"
"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-HCP-ROSA-Support-Role",
"arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-HCP-ROSA-Worker-Role",
```

Author: this has been addressed in previous update/comment with the new content
